Let's get started with our admissions.csv dataset
1. Create a data dictionary
Answer:
Admission	1=admitted, 0= not admitted	categorical
GRE		Score on GRE test		continuous	
GPA		Grade point average		continuous
Prestige 	Rank of undergrad school	categorical

We would like to explore the associations between GRE, GPA or Prestige and Admission.

We would like to explore the association between X and Y
2. What is the outcome?
Answer: Not sure how to answer
3. What are the predictors/covariates?
Answer: GRE, GPA, prestige 
4. What timeframe is this data relevant for?
Answer: Can't tell, but will say snapshot
5. What is the hypothesis?
Answer: One of the scores – GRE, GPA, prestige – will have the tightest association with admissions.
6. Using the above information, write a well-formed problem statement.
Answer: 
Exploratory Analysis Plan
Using the lab from a class as a guide, create an exploratory analysis plan.
1. What are the goals of the exploratory analysis?
Answer: Find which, if any of the variables GRE, GPA and Prestige is a predictor.
2a. What are the assumptions regarding the distribution of the data?
Answer: For GRE, all will be within the bounds of the testing scale. Looks like this data is from a pre-2012 administration, with scores ranging from 200 to 800. 
For GPA, all entries within bounds of 0.0 to 4.0, inclusive.
For Prestige, all entries will be 1, 2, 3 or 4. 
2b. How will you determine the distribution of your data?
Answer: Not sure how to answer
3a. How might outliers impact your analysis?
Answer: Not sure. Are tests not taken or GPAs not issued considered outliers?
3b. How will you test for outliers?
Answer:  For GRE, I think the mean is 585, standard deviation is 125. Highest score is 800, which is less than 2 standard deviations from the mean. Scores between 200 and 335 could be considered outliers, and only one score below 335 belongs to an admitted student. Could perform a similar test for GPA.
4. What is your exploratory analysis plan?
Using the above information, write an exploratory analysis plan that would allow you or a colleague to reproduce your analysis 1 year from now.
Answer: 
Bonus Questions:
1. Outline your analysis method for predicting your outcome
2. Write an alternative problem statement for your dataset
3. Articulate the assumptions and risks of the alternative model
